The last “long” post here then probably, which will cover some more specific thoughts on the team, squad and tactics.

After examining the Qualifying group and current squad, we are leaning towards the direction to play with three main formations. Not currently knowing which players are available outside the squad, these are “best guesses”, and based mostly on the current squads abilities. 

First line-up, 352, is the obvious one, because it is superior in gaining high midfield and yet gives rather balanced ratings overall, and is the same time one of the most flexible tactics. I don’t think I have to motivate this choice further though, most of you probably know the pros and cons of playing 352, since it is the most common line-up In HT. 

When you don’t think you can win the match by winning midfield, without sacrificing too much TS, or sacrificing the other ratings too much, you need a defensive alternative, and we will most probably therefore selected 451 as the defensive line-up to have formation experience on. Since CA are usually not very effective in U20 (see previous posts), we want an alternative defensive line-up, and we think that 451 is one of the strongest defensive line-ups available, since it combines a very strong midfield (less chances for the opponent) and a solid defense. Even though it hasn’t as solid defense as for instance 541, the stronger midfield usually makes up for that. Also, 451 can also be a good tactic when you foresee that your opponent will play AO (all-out, offensive defenders). 

For CA, there will probably not be a specific formation upheld, we will use 442 (and possibly 523) then instead, 442 is a very strong and flexible CA tactic, and it is difficult for the opponent to foresee it by looking at the last matches, since you always have good formation experience on it, good surprise tactic in other words. You can vary attack distribution and midfield, which gives you a good starting point against most teams you want to play CA against. 

The fact that the defensive formation usually use “only” 4 defenders, and that our defenders is not the very best, we will probably use a defensive coach, to cover up our “weakness” there. Depending on the final squad though, a neutral coach could be selected, but currently it looks like it will be a defensive one. 

Having a defensive coach will not give us very good attack ratings though, especially not with a maximum of two defenders in the formations above (except 523, but that might not even ever be used, we’ll see). Because of this, the third and last formation we will try to have formation experience in is 343, to be able to field an offensively strong line-up when needed. Being able to play varied offensive distributions, with for example 343 AIM or 352 AOW, we will be more unpredictable, which is one of the main tools to win some surprise wins against stronger opponents, and also to make sure you are not scouted too well, and beaten by inferior teams. That is actually the key behind the entire tactic setup, having as flexible palette of tactics to choose from, in all parts of the team from defense to offense, including strong points and different tactics (i.e. CA, AIM, AOW, etc.).

That’s all for now, and as usual, if you have any questions, don’t hesitate to ask, we will try to answer then as good as we can, and as quick as we can. :o)


