Ok, time for some more specific thoughts on the strategy, tactics and squad for U20-China. :o)

First of all, only having quite limited information on the current U20 squad, and available players currently outside the squad, some of these things are subject to change, and some parts will be a little bit more vague.

First of all, on the subject of strategy, there are two main topics which fall within this category, long time strategy and short time strategy. I define short time strategy as the strategy during the current World Cup (i.e. first of all the Qualifications then), and the long time strategy how to ensure the future success of the team, by following and “nurturing” the new youths, follow up on training, follow up on future squad composition (make sure there are enough good players of different types, i.e defenders, midfielders, etc) and following up on changes of the preconditions for the team (match engine changes etc, very relevant right now with the new youth system). These two can mix also of course, one obvious example is that the ranking points achieved last World Cup will decide, or at least influence a lot, how tough group you will end up in the next Qualification, the higher you get in the Qualification group, the more points you get, the higher the probability is you will get more “easy” opponents the next Qualification, since more lower ranked teams will end up in your group.

This brings us over to the main goals for this World Cup Qualification, which of course then is to climb in the ranking list, at least to one higher ranking group than we are in now, to increase our chances for a better Qualification next World Cup. This would probably translate to aiming for a forth place in the group, but it depends on which teams you beat, and the other results in the group, so it is difficult to say. I would say that this first goal is not that hard though, and if we don’t manage this, it is a big disappointment. If we manage the goal, I think we will have done an OK job, but not more. Secondary goal will then be to climb even higher in the ranking group, aiming for a third place in the group probably, which is a quite tough goal, but probably quite feasible, and if we manage this, I think we will have achieved a very good result, and will also have good chances to qualify for the second stage of WC next Qualification, in two seasons time. Third goal then finally, would be to reach the second stage already this WC, but this will be very tough, and not something we will aim for initially, that could put us at risk of falling quite low in the Qualification group, if the results don’t go our way. But if the opportunity arises, by other beneficiary results and good results by us, we will aim for this already this season. But as said above, the main goal is to climb in the ranking to a higher ranking group, preferably two ranking groups higher than now.

That was short time strategy goals, regarding the actual short time strategy this is the part that definitely are subject to change, mostly depending on the available players. The short time strategy goal above also means that we need to take some calculated risks in some of the matches, to be able to finish high in the group. But as I said above, the risks taken will be such that we don’t risk too much, so we even by failing in some of the matches, we will still finish with higher ranking than now, which of course is the main objective.

Long time strategy is quite clear, get further/place higher for every World Cup forward, and to follow and make sure we will have good players for each upcoming World Cup, so that’s an ongoing work for the entire term, and something that is quite difficult to foresee, but it is an as important work as setting tactics for matches (including scouting, etc), and be active on the conference, which are the two other main responsibilities.

Next post, tomorrow, we will disclose some more thoughts on which formations we are thinking of playing, and more thoughts on the squad/coach etc. Basically how we think to setup the squad and tactic for the Qualifications.
