Quick build, of course since it was sealed. My only mistake was not including blue alert, which could have given me some extra range from carrying shuttles on Voyager. Having a fast shop like voyager out from the beginning usually was very good. Komar possession turned out to be an efficient first dilemma which few manager to clear early on. Lack of prep + implication were both efficient stoppers; the space dilemmas gravitaional and astral eddy did not pose a big obstacle, since they usually was done in the end against big crews. 

Round 1	Danny Nuttall (nuttersuclan)		FL
5 turns, 30 minutes. Waiting until turn 2 to get 3 personnel out to attempt to avoid Villagers (which I had seeded), although Danny did not, so I killed his first 2 guys, including Pendari. This gave a bit of a head start, but I did not manage to eat my way through the fist dilemma stack and solve the first mission until turn 5, which meant Danny could make a come back, solving his first mission turn 4 and his second for the win in turn 5.

Round 2	epinnick (epinnick)		FW
5 turns, 45 minutes. Eric hit my standard Komar possessions + lack of prep, stopping him and putting him down to -10. I just played people, and Eric cured komar already on turn 2, good job. Turn 2 meant -10 for me when I managed to get stopped by lack of prep, so both at -10. Round 4 Eric finally managed to solve (another) mission, while I still did not have much luck with the dilemmas. Turn 5 I finally managed to clear away a bunch of dilemmas, while Eric now had gotten stuck not being able to solve his last mission. Turn 6 I finally got out my only law/diplo; NImira, needed for Implication, present in most decks. Even though Eric had mission debriefing out (great card in warp speed), I was able to split my team into 2 and solve 2 missions for the win.

Round 3	Chris Morse (Trekker777)		FL
6 turns total. Starting off turn two to attempt; Kazon bomb killed all 4. Chris hit Komar, which gave him some troubles in turns 2 to 4. I solved my first mission turn 4, then turn 5 all but one was killed by another kazon bomb. Chris managed to cure Komar finally turn 5, and then turn 6 while I was trying to get new peeps out, he solved two missions for the win.

Round 4	Diane Hain (ladyslew)
5 turns total, 31 minutes. Quick game where most went my way, evne though she was playing, and hence drawing, 3 cards most turns. I hit implication on turn 2 (first attempt), so I moved on to reinitialize on turn three, clearing except rgs, which I moved away and solved the turn after that. Same turn I got Nimira, so then it was just a matter of solving the last one on turn 5. Quite a lot of luck in the draws, while Diane seemed to be unlucky with both draws and my dilemmas, even her own RGS acted as a blocker since I dropped in on her mission.