TalosIV, part 5, DS9 Sealed - make the best of it

Well, as usual the rares ended up in the pile of unused cards, Dukat and the others had to watch from the sidelines when the feds and earrings tried to keep alive. Although performing poorly in doing so.

Checking the cards I got I quickly realized that it's a baj/fed deck. No-where to report cardassians, but a treaty fed/card (which could not seed). I like to keep my sealed decks small and simple, so I dropped the cardies, even though Dukat, Entek and a few other nice skill-people where among them. 22 people remained, so they all where thrown in. 

Missions where a bit of a hassle, either way I went I lacked skills, one skill in deck in total, or +1 for many. But that's sealed, so I made the best out of it, and also decided to skip gamma to make the deck as simple as possible.

Next dilemmas - 21 dilemmas, nice turnout. Added other seeds I ended up with 27 cards. I then chose to seed 2 universal bajorans, partly to potentially draw dilemmas there. Also one explore gamma, even though I chose to skip gamma, but given gamma missions include an easy universal, so I saw stealing potential there.

Finally draw deck, 20 personnel where in it, so 10 cards remained. I got 4 ships that where NA/Fed/Baj, so included all. Decking procedures is always good to delay opponent, so given. 5 to go. Equipments, Bajoran phaser and pad, hand gun is good, and strength and cunning is good for both missions and dilemma busting. Engineering tricorder and science kit, same there, especially for dilemma busting. So, one card remained. Baseball, incoming message bajoran and preparation where the runner-ups, but I decided to go for incoming, having a deck with no nor or any other tricks, delaying opponent seemed like the best option.

Get 2-3 people out, preferably security and/or medics (common skills needed for common DS9 dilemmas), possibly with equipment if possible, and then start attempting with 2-3 guys at the time to clear out dilemmas as quickly as possible. Hold of the ASP until really needed for skill dial/end of game rush. Try to keep vedeks, dimplo and astro out of trouble, they are key missions solvers.

Seed odo's at the key planet - likely showstopper in sealed. Seed the weakest other dilemmas there as fillers.
None shall pass, oops and Hippocratic are the other walls placed at separate missions. Skeleton crew + untrustworthy assisiate also works as a wall (if stopped and untrust).
Isoliner + aphasia combo can be seeded twice, potentially crippling ship range + killing of crew.
Risky business is best seeded as first dilemma at planet, and at likely red-shirt location; i.e. outpost or near outpost. Fighting words should also be first dilemma near outpost; preferably at skill intense mission.
For the rest, stack 4 of the kill/skillblanking dilemmas at the sixth mission not having one of the five walls listed above, or if mission duplicates (likely) or other stealable mission(s), seed dilemmas accordingly.

First online tournament in a year or so, embarrassingly long ago considering I manage the plugin, so I should really get some actual tournaments matches going to keep up in what is needed or not from the plugin. Sealed is always fun, and a good way to start of my rusty skills.
Not a very good card pool, so I decided to go for KISS - keep it simple stupid. Bajoran/Fed, 30 card draw deck, 30 seeds, 21 dilemmas, no mis-seeds (!).

First match, and as usual, would have been good to take notes directly after the game and not try to remember four weeks later. I remember getting off to a fairly good start, which Jon also got though, he was quicker of with a Nor as well. But my dilemmas work well here, stopping and killing people. Well, same goes for Jon's dilemmas though, this game was brutal, I had something close to 15 people die during the match I think. I did a few mistakes in which order I made things; which held me off a bit too long in the end; Jon squeezed in his 100 points the round before I would have gotten my 100. Close and fun game which could have gone either way.

Missed game, Chris and me could not find a time both of us could play.

No changes to the deck although losing the last match. This game was not as close as the last, didn't get any points. I felt I was in the game for quite some time, although not scoring points, but as it turned out Rem had the match under control all the time, would I have gotten more speed into my game, he would have stopped that quite effectively it turned out, so it was a fair win for him with a better deck and better game play. Computer crash was a bit of a surprise, and finishing of hsi win with a the walls have ears was a nice trick.

Final game, where the looser would likely to end up at the bottom of the scorelist. I didn't really get of to a good start here either, but neither did Niall, we both had people dying of or being stopped from Aphasia devices and Dalrock. Having two of my diplo guys being killed I could not solve my cleared out outpost mission, but I managed to solve a few other missions in the end, finishing it off with stealing Nialls universal mission he just cleared out the round before. A long match where I was down to 3 or 4 cards in my draw deck in the end, without any extra card draws in the deck. I think I owe the win to my dilemmas here, they where quite effective this match in denying Niall to score points, he attempted most (all?) his missions and only managed to complete one of them.