[i]You said : Both me and Scox feels that there is so much more to do with Nigeria, and we want to stay and develop it.

Why haven’t you do these things during these two seasons?[/i]

Development is always necessary, and possible, wouldn't be a very fun game if one would master it direcly would it? ;) Seriously, NT's work a little bit differently than clubteams, more than we initially thought, so it took a little time before you got into the routine and learned the so important finetuning of the sqaud and tactics.

[i]How do you explain that you didn’t know the SE xp?

We did know about xp-SE, it's not uncommon and quite important since it has a rather big effect on the midfield. And as I've been very interested in SE's and SE-optimization since it was introduced more or less the same time I started playing this game 14 seasons ago, I think that all kinds of SE should be considered and weighted when deciding squad and match tactics.

[i]Why don’t you have give more xp to a player who have at least passable leadership?[/i]

You don't get that much experience playing NT-friandlies, even thouhg it is still quite some you earn oven e longer time period. We currently have 5 players with passable ledership, of which 3 have been in the troup the last season. The two players that are most likely to play a lot of matches have actually played most of the matches last season, they have not been maxed experience-wise, but they should still have earned quite a lot of experience from those matches. You can't focus on team captain too much either, generally it is better to go for the best players available, even thogh one might be able to maximize SE-probabilities with another set of players, that are not so good. If it's close and it a high-probability SE it is of course most oftenly worth it, but generally not.

[i]And finally, don't you think it will be better for Nigeria to have a new national coach, because I think new people bring new things.
For example, CSteinhardt has brought good things and I believe a new national coach will help better Nigeria, even if you are good.[/i]

Thats a matter of oppinion, since the Qualification, of course one of the most important thing of the whole task as a U20, start more or less immediately after the election is decided, and it can therefore,  as I said before, be good to be used to the work around a NT. And finally, just because you have worked with something before, it doesn't automatically mean that you can't be as ambitious and motivated as a new coach.