I have seen some discussions on CA-tactics here and there and just would like to give you my views on this, since I have been playing the tactic quite a lot for more than 8 seasons in my club team, and also with U20-Nigeria. A little bit on my personal experience; I have been playing CA using 523, 532, 541, 451, 433 and even 352. 532, 442 and 433 is the one I have been playing the most though, the others have more commonly been used in special cases, where the opponents predicted tactic allows or necitates this. I have not played CA all the time during this period though, playing a similar tactic (i.e. CA) all the time allows for your opponent to figure out your weaknesses and you are likely to loose a lot more games, since there are efficient countermeasure against CA. I am also involved as the “educational minister” for the Swedish Federation for Defense trainers, the biggest Swedish federation regarding training. Even though I haven’t been training defense for 5 seasons now. ;o) Finally, on the personal subject, I have been fairly successful in playing CA, but realize I have still a lot to learn despite my long experience with it. My mayor personal experience of CA is that you will not be successful playing it all the time, without having a superior team than you opponents.

First of all, playing CA in club teams and in U20 is quite different, because you cannot usually achieve sufficiently high ratings (mostly defense, but also CA tactic rating and offense) in U20 compared to your opponent, independent of the type of coach you have. This is of course not true for all cases, but usually you don’t have a lot of good CA-defenders (i.e. defenders with a lot of passing), especially not in smaller countries, and since scoring and especially wingers are quicker to train than defenders, your defense ratings will not be as good as you want them to be, compared to your opponents offense. You can countermeasure this “training difference” by using more defenders (typically 5 then) and using a defensive coach of course, but you limit yourself more by this, since it is difficult to get high enough midfield rating [u]and[/u] attack rating at the same time then. I have made a mini-HOW-TO for how to play CA, what to think of, how to balance your ratings, and so on, if anyone is interested in that just ask me, but it will take some time before I can post it, since it is written in Swedish at the moment. ;o) In short, playing CA one needs to cover up shortcomings in one (or more) areas by boosting another area, which could be any of these five; defense ratings, midfield rating, attack rating, attack disposition and SE optimization. Optimizing depending on what kind of possession you expect to get is usually the main issue, and also usually the hardest one.

Flexibility is the key issue here then, as I spoke in my last posting, if you play [i]some[/i] matches with CA, it can be a very good tactic, especially if you need to conserve or boost your TS for coming, more important matches. When the opponent is far more superior, it can sometimes be a good “chance tactic”, but definitely not the only one, one example would be a very defensive 451 tactic, which could many times be more efficient, since you will get quite high possession then, and risk less goals scored on you. Playing in a varied way enables you to use your TS more efficiently, and that is of course a very important issue, since the TS is one of the most powerful strategic and tactical tools a HT manager has available. 

I think I have covered most of the tactics and strategic topics by my last four post now, all speaking all in general terms, so I would think that you might want to hear a little bit more specific thoughts on how we plan to setup the squad, which tactics to use, and what our strategies will be for U20-China. :o) Don’t worry, look out for our next posting, which will cover more specifics about U20-China. :o)
