I’m sorry I didn’t answer to this earlier, I wrote most of this earlier this week, but never had the chance to finish it, and therefore couldn’t send it before now.

I think you did a good analysis, if I were coach in Belgium I would play 343, since they play at home and therefore can expect a defensive line-up from us, and they also don't need the extra boost in midfield that 352 would give them. 

451 or 541 with pressing are tactics that could have worked here, but since we don't have any experience I believe that we will "crash and burn" if we play that today. 442 is a good pressing alternative though, and your proposed lineup is more or less exactly what I have in mind, if we play 442 pressing.

I personally have had quite poor personal experiences with the pressing tactic, even when I had a squad well equipped for it (many powerful, good defenders and high defending on _all_ other players). You seldom press away more than one or two attacks, and that can just as well be your own... 
In both countering and pressing tactics you need a defense with at least 1.5-2 steps better defending than the opponents attack to be successful. With countering you usually can get 2-3 additional chances with a well optimized team, and if you have ok attack you usually score on one or a couple of chances, this is why I generally prefer playing countering over pressing.

Back to U20-Nigeria instead of my general preferences, the criteria’s when choosing between pressing or countering, I think, lays whether you think you will be able to score on any of your given chances, if you don't think you will have a chance of scoring (hence expect a maximum of one goals or so), pressing is preferred. Still, sufficient defense ratings must be achieved.

Breakdown pressing (442 tre cd’s, 3 im, 1 wtm) vs. CA (532 CA, 1 wtm):
With countering I think that we could get 2 CA-chances and 2 or max 3 normal chances (Approx. figures: possession ~= 65-70 => 2 chances, ~60% => 3), if we're lucky. This adds up to a total of 4-5 chances. Belgium will then have 7-8 normal chances, and probably 0.5-1 SE's as well, so I'll round that to 8 chances, against our 4.5 chances. With pressing tactic (using described lineup from above) I would expect us to get maybe 3 chances, and hence our opponent 7.5, including SE. Pressing will take away 1-2 chances, I’ll round that to 1 chance for him and one half chance for us, so this adds up to 6.5 chances for our opponent and 2.5 for ourselves. Conclusively, offensively we will have a better chance of scoring (more chances) with countering, since our attack ratings are equally good in both cases. Defensively is a little tougher to analyze, since we will have better defense ratings with CA, but will get more attacks against us, and vice versa, pressing will have less attacks against us, but poorer defensive ratings. Tough call, but I’ll say that those two evens the defensive consideration for both tactics out. Either way, in my point of view, the stronger offensive qualities outweighs the possibly small defensive qualities of pressing, in term of getting any points from this game, or at least minimizes the goal difference.  

Hmm.. 600 characters (well, 250 after this paragraph ;) ) left to reach the maximum text length allowed, what should I do with that? ;o) Well, I neither have the motivation or time to motivate tonight’s match tactic more, so I'll just finish here, and say that I really hope for a good match tonight. :o) I won’t be able to follow it this week either unfortunately, I'll try to do that next week so I can do some live commentary. ;o)

/Johan, Assistant coach, U20-Nigeria.
