Ok, time for me to jump into the discussion... :o) 

I truly hope that you nowadays get the amount of information you like regarding tactics, through the tactics-thread in the NSF (Nigerian Soccer Federation). The reason that information is given there is of confidential reasons, I don't want all other managers to read specifics on how I think before matches and so on. Hope thats ok with you all, since I also try to comment on the matches and tactics a littel bit in this National conferende as well.

Regarding choice of tactics I think that I have explained that rather well in my threads in NSF, and you can see there for instance that we have mixed playing MOTS, normal, and PIC, which some people might not have realized in here. We defenitely don't go for victory in every game, even though we usually play a tactic were we usually at least retain a small chance of winning, if luck is our side. This far I think that we (or I rather), have done tactical mistakes at two occasions (at least in the magnitude worth mentioning), the opening match against Japan and fridays match. Both occations the errors have been due to time pressure from my side, due to my new job, and the timing conditions that unfortunately have presented themselfs here. I simply didn't have time to consider the tactics fully, hence some tactical considerations were calculated erroniously. This is really a poor excuse, but it's at least the truth. Any other tactical mistakes you think that we made, you are very welcome to present them, and I will try to respond on why we made them and/or how it could have effected the game if done differently. Finally, regarding our position in the qualification table, this actually reflects our squads relative strength to the others quite well, a 6th place is an ok result, but really boring possition for us. A fifth place would be good, over expectation but not by much, a forth place was our goal, which would be really good, and a third place would be extremely good. That was what we said before the qualificaton, and were now trailing Japan with 4 points, a position we still believe we could reach, which also would mean that we would exceed expectations (i.e. ranking). U20-Nigeria was lead by an excellent coach before, who did great deeds with his squad, we havn't accomplished that (yet at leats ;o), but we hope that we at least will reach higher than expected.

Regarding the squad, yes we have been a little poor on information there, we'll defenitely better outself there, there will be a thread with current u20-NT's on the transfer market, and one thread with the u20-squad, were there will be information about the current squad, players outside the squad, and information what will be required to enter the squad this season, next season and the season after that (i.e. next qualification). This obviously also includes information about which players we really need (or have abundance of, if that ever happens :o) at the moment, will be needed next season and the season after that. Basically a normal u20-sqaud thread in other words. :o)

/Johan
Assistant coach U20-Nigeria